sec(doc): add SECURITY.md template (#8323)
centreon/centreon: SECURITY.md

# Security Policy

Centreon takes the security of our software products seriously.

If you believe you have found a security vulnerability, please report it to us as described below.

## Reporting a Vulnerability

**Please do not report security vulnerabilities through public GitHub issues.**

> Send email to security@centreon.com. If possible, encrypt your message with our PGP key below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Send an email to security@centreon.com. If possible, encrypt your message with our PGP key below.
```
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=3kAj
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
```

| Tag | Value |
| -- | -- |
| ID | BEAF6EBF631106F9 |
| Type | RSA |
| Size | 4096 |
| Created | 2020-02-11 |
| Expires | 2021-02-10 |
| Cipher |AES-256|
| Fingerprint | C377 E9D5 2D5C 137D 3DD5 73B5 BEA F6EBF 6311 06F9 |

## Bug bounty

> We don't have any bug bounty program but this this something we are thinking about.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We don't have a bug bounty program but this is something we are thinking about.
```
